gh-113804: Support formatting floats in hexadecimal notation (#113805)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

   inserted before the first digit.

(2)
   The alternate form for an integer causes a leading ``'0x'`` or ``'0X'``
   (depending on whether the ``'x'`` or ``'X'`` format was used) to be
   inserted before the first digit.

   For floats, represent the number by a hexadecimal string in the style

>    ``[±]0xh.[hhhp±d``, where there is one hexadecimal digit before the

Reviewer: There is a missing `]`, no? Maybe:

```suggestion
   ``[±]0xh.[hhh]p±d``, where there is one hexadecimal digit before the
```
